Intro: 
You are a brave hero who has been captured by the evil emperor Gnosis! Thrown into the dungeon of his castle to rot, you plot an escape.
One day, a large explosion rock the castle, rubble falling into your chamber. The force has knocked loose the cage door from the stone!
This is your chance!
Onward brave hero!
end
1: 
The Interior of this room is empty, save for a single stone slab pushed into a corner. A bed.
Light streams through slotted iron bars in a window.
The door is slightly ajar.
end
2:
You are in a dark hallway. There are no windows, only the faint light from torches lining the stone walls. 
A massive pair of worn statues in a misty swamp marks the entrance to the next room. 
Beyond the pair of worn statues lies a massive, filthy room. It's covered in broken pottery, large bones and crawling insects.
The torches allow you to see broken vats and flasks, forgotten and ravaged by time itself.
end
3:
The hair on the back of your neck stands as you enter a homely hexagonal room. 
Blood stains line the reinforced metallic walls. Blood stains cover the fractured floor. 
Moss that lines the wall seems to be glowing, giving off a mysterious light. 
There are no other exits, but there is a large crack in the wall that leads to another room.
end
4:
As you squeeze through the crack in the wall, you enter a smaller, dilapidated room.
There are bookshelves lining the walls, and a desk in the centre. A broken oil lamp lies discarded on the stone floor.
You can feel eyes on your, but there is no one there.
end
5:
Moving past the scattered papers and the broken lamp, you find a door. It is half behind a fallen bookcase.
Squeezing through the small opening, you find yourself in a large, ornate room. A ballroom perhaps?
The curtains are torn from the windows, some glass panes shattered. The moonlight streaks in, casting shadows on the portraits opposite.
The stares on your back intensify. A large door stands at the end of the room. Decorated with gold and silver vines, the door to the throne room.
You feel your journey is coming to an end.
6:
Bursting through the door, you come to a stop in the middle of a marble floor. Pillars surround you, one in each corner of the room.
A giant chandelier hangs in the centre, all the candles lit. Ahead of you is a throne. A red velvet chair trimmed in gold, wrapped in silver vines. 
Atop the chair sits a man. Towering above you, in purple robes, an ornate mask of iron adorns his face. The Evil Emperor Gnosis!
He stands, robes billowing as  he takes a single step forward. The candles on the chandelier go out. The only source of light now being the moon.
It illuminates his mask, and the green eyes staring from beneath it. He does not speak, but raises a hand. And with that, Gnosis lunges at you!
end
